Navan, stop eating
Come to a meeting with me
Just ate
What kind of meeting is it? It's night
If I say there is a meeting, I will leave the meeting.
Mom, what did you tell Chen Zhaowen?
Why does he seem to have changed?
What can I say?
I asked him if Liao Fan was married
If you are not married, you will fry
Mom, I'm not just any woman
Besides, I'm not that no one wants it
Oops daughter
It's the parents' order
You can't do it.
I think Liao Fan is a good match for you
Oh, anyway, this bedroom
No one can stop it
Mom, you are forcing me to marry Liao Fan
Oh, my daughter!
Mom, it's all for your own good
Don't worry, I'll take care of King Chen's side, hehe.
Hey, can you be gentle?
Let me tell you something.
Not you.
come in
Miss Qin, Miss Qin, come and sit
You are hurt.
I was found by Oyam when I came back
He hit me.
If you hadn't given me half of Du Hua's skills
I'm afraid Shi Le will die on the way.
This I admire
I really don't care about anyone
He can turn his head and disobey the king's order
Let's not talk about that.
This is the token that the lord asked me to marry you
So my mission
Is it elongated?
Here it is.
This is the Longquan Sword
This is the divine sword bestowed by the king
You can cut first and then play
It seems that His Majesty's attitude is already very obvious
The content of the letter
Eighty percent asked us to carry the head of Ouyang's tomb
Go back and report